# Please Do My Homework

::: {.post category="Misc"}
2015/02/10
:::

**Reminiscent of A Simple Printer of Nested Lists.**

Reminiscent of [this
phenomenon](http://blog.aclark.net/2012/05/23/a-simple-printer-of-nested-lists/),
I\'m slowly being driven insane by Redditors asking
[/r/Python](http://www.reddit.com/r/Python) to do their homework for
them. E.g.

![Question #1](/images/homework1.png){.img-thumbnail
.img-thumbnailalign-center}

In principle, and putting aside
[/r/learnpython](http://www.reddit.com/r/learnpython), I have no problem
with Redditors asking questions on /r/Python that are better suited to
/r/learnpython. E.g.

![Question #2](/images/homework2.png){.img-thumbnail
.img-thumbnailalign-center}

But there is something about the current proliferation of homework
questions on /r/Python that I find offensive.

![Question #3](/images/homework3.png){.img-thumbnail
.img-thumbnailalign-center}

Perhaps it is due to:

1.) Less meaningful content. I read
[/r/Python](http://www.reddit.com/r/Python) for Hacker News-like stories
about Python. The more poorly written homework questions, the less
meaningful content.

![Question #4](/images/homework4.png){.img-thumbnail
.img-thumbnailalign-center}

2.) No prior meaningful attempt to resolve the issue. E.g. \"Ive tried
looking online, but to no avail \[sic\].\" What did you try? How did
that attempt fail?

![Question #5](/images/homework5.png){.img-thumbnail
.img-thumbnailalign-center}

So now I feel compelled to try and discourage such posts and **encourage
more meaningful posts**. If you learn nothing else in school, you should
**learn how to learn**. It\'s not the answer to the question that
matters, it\'s **how you get there**. No other aspect of you answering a
question or completing an assignment is as important as you **thinking
for yourself about how to do it**. This is almost the entire point of
higher education: to learn **how to function in the real world**.

![Question #6](/images/homework6.png){.img-thumbnail
.img-thumbnailalign-center}

In the real world, you cannot say to your friends and/or coworkers:

    My boss is such a jerk. If you could just give me a working example of how to do my job, that would be awesome! Lolz.

So please, /r/Python, let\'s **start asking more meaningful questions**.
And if there is anything I can do to help, please let me know.
