# New Year\'s Python Meme 2011

::: {.post category="Pyramid, Python"}
2011/11/21
:::

**My response**

My response to
<http://blog.ziade.org/2011/12/20/new-year039s-python-meme-2011/>.

It was fun [answering in
2009](http://blog.aclark.net/2009/12/31/new-years-python-meme/), so I
thought I\'d play again.

**What's the coolest Python application, framework or library you have
discovered in 2011?**

[Pyramid](http://www.pylonsproject.org/). In early 2011 I released
[vanity](http://pythonpackages.com/info/vanity), which later became
[pythonpackages.com](http://pythonpackages.com)(more or less). I used
building the site as an excuse to learn Pyramid, and it was well worth
it.

**What new programming technique did you learn in 2011?**

I learned to **not** reinvent the wheel, and to collaborate with others
on solving hard problems (which in and of itself is hard). Long story
short, I took a little bit of heat within the Plone CMS community for
creating a \"one off\" migration script:

-   <http://pythonpackages.com/info/parse2plone>

I\'ve since learned my lesson and have been collaborating meaningfully
with [Dylan Jay](https://twitter.com/#!/djay75)on the more
widely-supported
[mr.migrator](http://pythonpackages.com/info/mr.migrator) and friends.

**What's the name of the open source project you contributed to the most
in 2011? What did you do?**

I contributed to the [Plone](http://plone.org) project quite a bit (as I
have been doing for years now), but I also fell in love with
[Mozilla](http://mozilla.org) (and their mission) and began working on
various things, including a virtual machine to help with the development
of [support.mozilla.com](http://support.mozilla.com):

-   <https://github.com/aclark4life/kitsune-vagrant>

**What was the Python blog or website you read the most in 2011?**

[Hacker news](http://news.ycombinator.com/). I have the start-up bug.

**What are the three top things you want to learn in 2012?**

JavaScript, JavaScript, and JavaScript. I first heard the term 15 years
ago and have been avoiding it ever since. Time to jump in.

**What is the top software, application or library you wish someone
would write in 2012?**

I hope someone (me) writes a \"secret\" feature for
[pythonpackages.com](http://pythonpackages.com) and launches it in first
quarter of 2012; and I hope folks find it useful.
